just seems so futile you know all these
women and nothing
I feel like Superman without my powers
no I have the Cape and yet I cannot fly
well now you understand how I feel every
single day okay the world is my lesbian
wedding better sketch no one all right
you'll be sorry later
Thank You Roz you know nothing makes God
happier than when two people any two
people come together in love
friends family we're gathered here today
to join Carol and Susan in holy
matrimony oh my god now I've seen
everything
whoa she's gone she's gone she's gone
go ahead get married no strangers in the
extending
would you look at them yeah can't help
but
how's that pig in the blanket working
out for him I wrapped those bad boys
tennis rows oh yeah I know it's kind of
weird but I mean she was a big part of
my life there you know and I feel kind
of alone you know I couldn't help
overhearing what you just said and I
think it's time for you to forget about
rose move on with your life how about we
go get you a drink
okay so nice
I shouldn't even bother coming up with a
line right
you haven't hello Am I I just danced
with a wonderfully large woman and three
other girls made eyes at me over at the
buffet oh I'm not saying it's something
I want to pursue but it's nice to know I
have options there's more alcohol right
are you doing okay you did a good thing
today you want to dance no that's fine
come on I'll let you leave okay
yeah
all right look penis meanest ok we're
all people